The course consists of six modules.
The first of course is the module you're in, Course Overview.
The next one is Leadership and Communication Skills are Interlocked.
This module discusses that leadership and communication are interconnected,
intertwined, interwoven,
and that your potential as a leadership will be dependent upon your
ability to effectively communicate with others.
The next module, Lead and They Will Follow.
Here we will discuss what does leadership mean,
what we need from our leaders, what are the qualities of great leaders,
and we will discuss several tools for practical team management.
Next, Know Your A B C's.
In this module we will discuss why writing skills are
critical to your success and we will focus in on the
following key areas: presentations, meetings,
status reports, emails, and interviews.
The next module,
Let's Talk and in this module we will discuss why verbal and
interpersonal skills are essential for your success and in this
module we'll focus on the following key areas.
Presentations, meetings, stand-ups, walk-arounds, and interviews.
Last of course will just be the course summary that will wrap everything up. Okay, let's get started and I will see you in the next module.